README.md, before:

# radiationsensor
Arduino sources for Libelium's radiation-sensor shield + RTC.

### LCD explanation
```
                                          Records remaining before
          Clicks during                   EEPROM exhausted since boot 
        the last 10secs─────┐       ┌─────(counting down from 146)
                        ┌───┴──┐ ┌──┴──┐
                       ╔╪══════╪═╪═════╪╗
                       ║C10S=6   Rec=55 ║
                       ║CPM5=78  T=1045 ║
                       ╚╪══════╪═╪═════╪╝
                        └───┬──┘ └──┬──┘
        MaxCPM based on─────┘       └─────Secs remaining to write 
   5 conjecutive clicks                   the next record
    for the last 10 sec
 (reflected on Led-bar) 
```

LCD when record is OFF:
```
                       ╔════════════════╗
                       ║C10S=12  Rec=_  ║
                       ║CPM5=313        ║
                       ╚════════════════╝
```

Commit message:

Readme Links & LCD-scroll GH link

README.md, after:

# radiationsensor
Arduino sources for Libelium's radiation-sensor shield + RTC.

## LCD explanation
```
                                          Records remaining before
          Clicks during                   EEPROM exhausted since boot 
        the last 10secs─────┐       ┌─────(counting down from 146)
                        ┌───┴──┐ ┌──┴──┐
                       ╔╪══════╪═╪═════╪╗
                       ║C10S=6   Rec=55 ║
                       ║CPM5=78  T=1045 ║
                       ╚╪══════╪═╪═════╪╝
                        └───┬──┘ └──┬──┘
        MaxCPM based on─────┘       └─────Secs remaining to write 
   5 conjecutive clicks                   the next record
    for the last 10 sec
 (reflected on Led-bar) 
```

LCD when record is OFF:
```
                       ╔════════════════╗
                       ║C10S=12  Rec=_  ║
                       ║CPM5=313        ║
                       ╚════════════════╝
```

## Links
- Sheild [product page](http://www.cooking-hacks.com/index.php/radiation-sensor-board-for-arduino.html)
  and [documentation](https://www.cooking-hacks.com/documentation/tutorials/geiger-counter-radiation-sensor-board-arduino-raspberry-pi-tutorial/)
- Another [source-code on the same shield](https://www.timewasters-place.com/timewasters-geiger-counter-a-system-software-for-microcontrollers-to-measure-radiation/).
